DOC: Add Jupyter Lab IndexError as known issue upstream (#1391)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/known_bugs.rst

installation altogether. When this happens, exit the installation, install
bottleneck with conda, and try to install jdaviz again.

.. _known_issues_app:

Application-wide
----------------

Lab fails to start with IndexError
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> In some environment, you might not able to start Jdaviz in Jupyter Lab
> and see this error occasionally::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some environments, you occasionally might not able to start Jdaviz in 
Jupyter Lab due to this error ::
```

Author: Yes, this is better. Thanks!
